Q1. Which of the following option is used to measure the size of a user story for an Agile
project?
A. Story points

Q2. According to Agile manifesto -
C. Individuals and interactions over processes and tools.

Q3. Which of the following Agile methodology advocates the use of problem domain?
D. Feature-Driven Development (FDD)

Q4. ............... is a characteristic of an Agile leader.
A. Task focused


Q5. Which of the following is the working culture of an Agile team?
C. Collaborative


Q6. What does a burn-down chart show?
D. The progress of the work and features completed

Q7. What does an Agile approach value?
B. People over process

Q8. Which of the following is the best approach for running an effective workshop?
D. Facilitation

Q9. Which of the following is not an Agile methodology?
B. PMBOK® 3


Q10. ............ is not an agile method.
C. 4GT

Q11. There are ........... phases in Scrum
B. 3

Q12. Which of the following is responsible for sprint meeting?
B. Scrum master

Q13. What are the responsibilities of the Scrum Master?
A. Tracking and monitoring project development
B. Work to obtain the project properly
C. Improving the performance of the team
D. All of the above

Q14. Some of the agile frameworks are -
A. Scrum & Kanban
B. Test Driven Development
C. Feature Driven Development
D. All of the above

Q15. ............. is included in SRS?
D. Design Constraints

Q16. What is the disadvantage of Agile Methodology?
B. In agile methodology, documentation and designing take a back seat

Q17. What is the different types of Agile Methodologies?
A. Scrum
B. DSDM
C. FDD
D. All of the above

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Assignment Agile 2
 
1-What does NOT match with Agile Manifesto?
Contract negotiation over customer collaboration

2-Which of the following statements about changing requirements in software development, are correct?
In traditional way of software development, once the requirements are base lined,further changes should undergo heavy change control process
Organizations must adapt to rapidly changing market conditions to stay relevant in business

3-Which of the following statements BEST describe why Agile is winning?
Agile increases the chances of delivering early business value to the market and quickly incorporate the feedback from the market usage

4-Why were the `practitioners of alternative software development methods` not satisfied with the traditional waterfall method?
 
Waterfall is not a lightweight process

Waterfall model failed to meet the demand or speed and was not friendly towards changing business needs and priorities

5-Which of the following BEST represent the Scrum approach to planning?
Whole team together does just enough upfront planning followed by continuous planning throughout the project 


6-How should work be allocated to the team in a Scrum project?
Team members must volunteer or tasks appropriate to their skills


7-The time box for a Daily Scrum is…
15 minutes

8- Why is the Daily Scrum held at the same me and same place
The consistency reduces complexity and overhead 

9-What BEST describes a Scrum Team?
Small but have enough members to create the Product Increment
Collaborate with each other to self-organize their work
Cross Functional

10-The Product Owner in a Scrum project….
Has the final authority over the prioritization of Product Backlog Items
Collaborates with de developers over prioritization o Product Backlog Items but
Product Owner has the final say


11-Noor´s Scrum Team Had a great Sprint Review of a new feature with their Product
Owner. Product Owner was happy new feature, and wanted to release the feature to
user. But, the Scrum Team cannot do it themselves because production environment
is owned by the company´s IT operations team. Scrum Team was directed to create a
Ticket   with IT operations for production release, and wait a week a week for an Ops engineer to manually work on the Ticket. What is missing in this environment?
 
Flow

12 – What is a Kanban Board?
A visible chart depicting the work to be done, work in progress and work done

13 – A Scrum Team works on a 4 week Sprint. Aer few Sprints, the team finds that they
spend more effort on unit testing, as the code base size has increased. What can be BEST
recommended for this team?

Adopt practices like test automation form other frameworks like XP

14 – Design Thinking is another name for Agile Manifesto.
False
 
15 – Mannar & Company kick started a major cross company project that involved working
with multiple business unit leaders to build an enterprise wide platform. Impressed by the
success of small projects in Agile, company leadership enforced Agile in this transformation
project. Shortly aer few Sprints, teams witnessed that the Product Owner was not able to
build consensus among the business unit leaders on requirements. There were several
political aspects behind the collaboration. What went wrong?
 
Agile is based on trust and collaboration so that consensus can be arrived at quickly.
This scenario did not have that atmosphere

 
16 - ´Agile for Beginners´ course is intended towards moving you to learn more about
Agile so that you can become

Agile Practitioner

17- There are two Product Development Teams. Team ToyZon and Team Zon. Team ToyZon follows the traditional way and Team Zon follows the Agile way of working. Which team has the higher chance to provide early benefits to the customer?
Team Zon

18 – Which of these is a benefit of Agile?
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
 All of these

19 – How is the Agile value “Responding to change over following a plan” addressed in
Scrum?
During the Sprint Planning, Development team has all the authority to choose anyProduct Backlog item to work on
Product Owner can change the plan or next Sprint based on latest market condionsand eedback rom last Sprint

20- A good Agile team should exhibit the following qualities …
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
All in team must have the same level of technical expertise
The team is self-organizing
 
 The team is cross-unconal

21- On the last day of the Sprint, a Scrum Team named AlmostDone is ready to show their
work but requires just 2 more days to complete the testing. What should the Scrum Master
recommend?
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
Close the sprint on time


22- Only these people are allowed to attend Sprint Retrospective
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
 Scrum Team


23 – Product Owner and Scrum Master can be the same person
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
False
 
24 – Which of these are Agile estimation techniques?
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
 
Full Upfront Estimates
Planning Poker
T Shirt sizing

 
25 – Agile principles can be only used for software development
Select the correct opon(s) and click Submit.
False
